Creating a Security Advisory page (#12461)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/company/security-advisories.md

We will always proactively reach out to affected users in the event of an advisory requiring attention or action. However, if you'd like to stay updated about future incidents or advisories, please [subscribe to our status page](https://status.posthog.com/). If you want to drink updates from the firehose, you can also follow our [GitHub repos](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog) for real-time updates about everything we do, as we're committed to working in the open wherever possible. 

## Current advisories

### No active advisories

Currently, there are no active security advisories or CVEs. All is well. 

## Past advisories

This section contains resolved security advisories for reference.

### Example Advisory (Resolved)

**Date:** January 15, 2024  
**CVE:** CVE-2024-XXXXX  
**Severity:** Medium  
**Status:** Resolved  

**Description:**  
Brief description of the vulnerability and its potential impact.

**Affected versions:**  
- PostHog Cloud: All versions before 1.42.0
- Self-hosted: All versions before 1.42.0

**Resolution:**  

> Fixed in PostHog version 1.42.0. Users are advised to upgrade to the latest version.

Author: ```suggestion
Where possible, add a link to a PR. 
```

---
title: Security advisories & CVEs
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

> This page contains security advisories and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) related to PostHog products and services. We maintain this page to ensure transparency and help our users stay informed about any security issues that may affect them. This page is for ensuring transparency in the way we work and covers advisories that do not require direct action from users. In the event that a security incident leads to a confirmed exposure or requires action from users we will always contact users proactively. 

Author: ```suggestion
This page contains security advisories and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) related to PostHog. We maintain this page to ensure transparency and help our users stay informed about any security issues that may impact them. In the event that a security incident leads to a confirmed exposure or requires action from users we will always contact users proactively. 
```

---
title: Advisories & CVEs
sidebar: Handbook
showTitle: true
---

This page contains security advisories and Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs) related to PostHog. We maintain this page to ensure transparency and help our users stay informed about any security issues that may impact them. In the event that a security incident leads to a confirmed exposure or requires action from users we will always contact users proactively. 

For coverage of other, [non-security incidents](/handbook/engineering/incidents), please check [our status page](https://status.posthog.com/). 

## Our approach to security advisories

> At PostHog, we take security seriously. We have a robust security program that includes:

Author: Fair. The way we'd normally do this in other places is: 

```suggestion
At PostHog, we take security seriously even though it's really boring most of the time. Some of the things we do to protect security include:
```

The flip side here though is that this obviously may land wrong if someone reads this because of an actual issue.

> At PostHog, we take security seriously. We have a robust security program that includes:

Author: Works for me, feel free to commit it in!

- Regular security audits and penetration testing
- Responsible disclosure program
- Proactive vulnerability monitoring
- Transparent communication with our community

For more information about our security practices, see our [main security page](/handbook/company/security).

## Reporting security issues

If you discover a security vulnerability in PostHog products or services, please report it to us at **[security@posthog.com](mailto:security@posthog.com)**. Valid findings will be rewarded with PostHog swag.

## Updating this page

PRs to this page which update advisories or CVEs should only occur as part of an incident and should follow all [our usual processes for an incident](/handbook/engineering/incidents). If you need to issue an advisory or CVE and an incident is _not_ declared, you should declare one. 

> Declaring an incident will ensure that there is good internal visibility and that members of relevant teams, including our Support team, are aware. Once an advisory is posted to this page, you should also update other teams by posting in the [#tell-posthog-anythin](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0351B1DMUY) Slack channel. 

Author: ```suggestion
Declaring an incident will ensure that there is good internal visibility and that members of relevant teams, including our Support team, are aware. Once an advisory is posted to this page, you should also update other teams by posting in the [#tell-posthog-anything](https://posthog.slack.com/archives/C0351B1DMUY) Slack channel. 
```

## Current advisories

### No active advisories

Currently, there are no active security advisories or CVEs. All is well. 

## Past advisories

This section contains resolved security advisories for reference.

### Advisory template

```
**Date:** January 15, 2024  
**CVE:** CVE-2024-XXXXX  
**Severity:** Low / Medium / Critical  
**Status:** Reported / Fixed / Resolved  

**Description:**  
Brief description of the vulnerability and its potential impact.

**Affected users:**
Confirm if the advisory is limited to specific products.
Confirm if the advisory is limited to either US or EU customers, or both.   

**Resolution:**  
Where possible, add a link to a PR. Be clear on any next steps. 

**Timeline:**  

> - **Discovered:** January 10, 2024
> - **Reported:** January 10, 2024
> - **Fixed:** January 10, 2024
> - **Disclosed:** January 10, 2024

Author: ```suggestion
- **Discovered:** January 10, 2024, 00:00 UTC
- **Reported:** January 10, 2024, 00:00 UTC
- **Fixed:** January 10, 2024, 00:00 UTC
- **Disclosed:** January 10, 2024, 00:00 UTC
```
